Make zombienet tests native friendly (#6588)
paritytech/polkadot: zombienet_tests/README.md

* [zombienet repo](https://github.com/paritytech/zombienet)
* [zombienet book](https://paritytech.github.io/zombienet/)

## Running tests locally

> To run any test locally use the native provider (`zombienet test -p native ...`) and set `ZOMBIENET_NATIVE_BINARY_PREFIX` environment variable with a full path to a directory containing polkadot/cumulus binaries. E.g. `ZOMBIENET_NATIVE_BINARY_PREFIX=/home/user/local-run/`. **The path should contain a trailing slash!**

Reviewer: Can we not remove the trailing slash?

Reviewer: (By changing the zombienet tests?)

Author: Actually we can do this in a much simpler way. Instead of hardcoding the path in the test file we can just modify the PATH variable for the execution. E.g.:

```
$ PATH=/home/user/local-run/:$PATH zombienet test -p native 0001-parachains-pvf.zndsl
```
If I'm not mistaken, binaries are looked up in each directory, in the order they are listed in PATH, so it will work just fine.

Author: I worded the last sentence in an awful way but you understand what I mean.

Reviewer: Probably depends on how zombienet is implemented? But if you already have some custom env variable, why trying to build in some second way? And if we follow your thinking, we could remove the custom env variable directly and people could modify the PATH only.

Author: Actually this is what I'm suggesting - I removed ZOMBIENET_NATIVE_BINARY_PREFIX altogether.

> But if you already have some custom env variable, why trying to build in some second way?

I don't understand this. What do you mean with 'build in some second way'?

Reviewer: Ignore what I said. 🙈 I have now seen your latest changes! Looking good. 👍

* undying-collator -> polkadot/target/testnet/undying-collator

To build them use:
* adder-collator -> `cargo build --profile testnet -p test-parachain-adder-collator`
* undying-collator -> `cargo build --profile testnet -p test-parachain-undying-collator`
* malus -> cargo build --profile testnet -p polkadot-test-malus
* polkadot (in polkadot repo) and polkadot-collator (in cumulus repo) -> `cargo build --profile testnet`

One solution is to have a directory with symlinks to the corresponding binaries in your source tree. E.g.:
```
$ ls -l
total 24
lrwxrwxrwx. 1 ceco ceco  53 Jan 19 15:03 adder-collator -> /home/ceco/src/polkadot/target/testnet/adder-collator
-rw-r--r--. 1 ceco ceco 221 Jan 18 16:35 build_cmds.txt
lrwxrwxrwx. 1 ceco ceco  44 Jan 18 16:47 malus -> /home/user/src/polkadot/target/testnet/malus
lrwxrwxrwx. 1 ceco ceco  47 Jan 18 11:33 polkadot -> /home/user/src/polkadot/target/testnet/polkadot
lrwxrwxrwx. 1 ceco ceco  56 Jan 19 15:53 polkadot-collator -> /home/user/src/cumulus/target/release/polkadot-parachain
lrwxrwxrwx. 1 ceco ceco  55 Jan 18 13:58 undying-collator -> /home/user/src/polkadot/target/testnet/undying-collator
```

> And set this directory in `ZOMBIENET_NATIVE_BINARY_PREFIX`. This way you won't have to copy files on each rebuild.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And set `ZOMBIENET_NATIVE_BINARY_PREFIX` to the path of this directory. This way you won't have to copy files on each rebuild.

```

* adder-collator -> polkadot/target/testnet/adder-collator
* malus -> polkadot/target/testnet/malus
* polkadot -> polkadot/target/testnet/polkadot
* polkadot-collator -> cumulus/target/release/polkadot-parachain
* undying-collator -> polkadot/target/testnet/undying-collator

To build them use:
* adder-collator -> `cargo build --profile testnet -p test-parachain-adder-collator`
* undying-collator -> `cargo build --profile testnet -p test-parachain-undying-collator`
* malus -> cargo build --profile testnet -p polkadot-test-malus
* polkadot (in polkadot repo) and polkadot-collator (in cumulus repo) -> `cargo build --profile testnet`

One solution is to use the `.set_env` file (from this directory) and fill the `CUSTOM_PATHS` before *source* it to patch the PATH of your system to find the binaries you just built.

E.g.:
```
$ cat .set_env
(...)
# by the order of this array
CUSTOM_PATHS=(
  "<path>/polkadot/target/release"
  "<path>/polkadot/target/testnet"
  "<path>/cumulus/target/release"
)
(...)

source .set_env
```

Then you have your `PATH` customized and ready to run `zombienet`.

>  **NOTE**: You should need to do this ones per terminal session, since we are patching the `PATH` and re-exporting.

Reviewer 2: You can also source this env fine in `.bashrc` file for example which gets executed when you log in. So you don't have to do this every time.

Reviewer 3: Yes, adding to `.bashrc` will be better and save some time.
Thanks!

Author: We go in the personal preference zone :)
One might want to source it by hand, other - in bashrc, third (me :P ) - alias it and so on.

We've got a hint to use path, we've got a script to avoid useless copy-pasting/linking, we even have got sane-ish defaults. Let's merge as it is.
